https://patient.info/symptom-checker

Headache

Migraine without aura: 
  Feeling sick (nausea).
  Being sick (vomiting).
  Not liking bright lights or loud noises, so that you may just want to lie in a dark room.
Migraine with aura:
  Visual aura
      A temporary loss of part of vision.
      A bright, shimmering light, often in a C-shaped pattern, a bit like looking through an old-fashioned kaleidoscope, or zig-zag lines.
      Objects or letters on a page may seem to rotate, shake, or boil.
  Numbness and pins and needles are the second most common type of migraine aura. 
  Problems with speech are the third most common type of migraine aura.
  Other types of migraine aura include an odd smell, food cravings, a feeling of well-being, and other odd sensations.
Acute sinusitis
  In most people, acute sinusitis develops after a cold or flu-like illness.
  Pain and tenderness over the infected sinus. The pain is often throbbing and worse when you bend your head forward. Chewing may be painful.
  Nasal symptoms. You may have either:
    A blocked nose. Both sides of your nose usually feel blocked. Your sense of smell may also go for a while.
    A runny nose. If the discharge is greeny/yellow, it is more likely that you have a germ (bacterial) infection in your sinuses. The green/yellow colour is due to infected mucus and pus. A runny nose may dry up if the sinus drainage channels become blocked with thick mucus. If this happens, pain and tenderness over the infected sinus may become worse.
  A high temperature (fever). This may develop and you may feel generally unwell.



Stomachache

Pancreatitis:
	Tummy (abdominal) pain - just below the ribs is a common. The pain is typically felt spreading through to the back. It tends to be persistent and may be partly eased by leaning forward. It may be mild at first but can become severe. Eating often makes the pain worse. This may lead to your eating less and then losing weight. The pain can be intermittent - so not present all the time. Note: around 1 person in 5 with chronic pancreatitis does not have any abdominal pain.
	Poor digestion (malabsorption) - occurs if not enough chemicals (enzymes) are made by the damaged pancreas. In particular, the digestion of fats and certain vitamins is affected. Undigested fat from the diet may remain in the gut and be passed with stools (faeces). This causes pale, smelly, loose stools which are difficult to flush away (steatorrhoea). Weight loss can also occur if food is not fully digested.
	Diabetes - occurs in about 1 in 3 cases. This occurs when the pancreas cannot make sufficient insulin. Symptoms usually include excess thirst, passing large amounts of urine and further weight loss unless the diabetes is treated. However, chronic pancreatitis is actually an uncommon cause of diabetes.
	Feeling sick (nausea) - and generally feeling unwell may also occur.
Appendicitis:
	Pain, often starting as a dull ache around the tummy button, getting worse and more constant over several hours and moving to the lower right tummy.
	Feeling sick (nausea) or being sick (vomiting).
	Loss of appetite.
	High temperature (fever).
	Bloating.
	Diarrhoea.
Irritable Bowel Syndrome:
	Pain and discomfort may occur in different parts of the tummy (abdomen). Pain usually comes and goes. The length and severity of each bout of pain can vary greatly. The pain often eases when you pass stools (faeces) or wind. Many people with IBS describe the pain as a spasm or colic.
	Bloating and swelling of your tummy may develop from time to time. You may pass more wind than usual.
	Changes in stools:
	Some people have bouts of diarrhoea, some have bouts of constipation and some get a combination of both.
	The stools may become small and pellet-like. Sometimes the stools become watery or more loose. At times, mucus may be mixed with the stools.
	There may be a feeling of not emptying the back passage (rectum) after going to the toilet.
	Some people have urgency, which means they have to get to the toilet quickly. You may feel an urgent need to go to the toilet several times shortly after getting up.
Cirrhosis:
	Tiredness and weakness.
	Fluid which leaks from the bloodstream and builds up in the legs (oedema) and tummy (abdomen) -  called ascites.
	Loss of appetite, feeling sick (nausea) and being sick (vomiting).
	Weight loss (although you may put on weight if you retain a lot of fluid).
	A tendency to bleed and bruise more easily.
	Yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes (jaundice) due to a build-up of bilirubin.
	Itch due to a build-up of toxins.
	Mental health changes which can develop in severe cases as toxins build up in the bloodstream and affect the brain. This can cause changes to your personality and behaviour, confusion, forgetfulness and difficulty concentrating. Eventually it can lead to loss of consciousness and hepatic coma. These changes are known as hepatic encephalopathy